Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 

It is going to say greetings and give you a place to type your favorite color.

Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 

What do you think the program did with what you typed?

changed the font color to that color?

Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 

What do you think the color = input() will do? 

its going to write out the color

Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?

Yes

Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 

There is a correct answer to this code.

What is happening on lines 11–14?

Its a test for the code to run to see if the answer is correct.

Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 

Because its criteria for the IF test

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 

It says sorry, try again. 

What does this tell you about "color"?

That it can be used as a test.


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 

What problem is this trying to solve? 

Solving to not require capitalzation of the color.

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?

it says sorry try again

Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 

What problem is it trying to solve? 

Solve the problem of having to be specific w/ the capitalization

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?

It says try again.


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 

What would you guess .strip() is doing? 

It has the .strip() which I will assume it will only consider the characters as part of the answer.

Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?

Adding punctuation


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 

What is the purpose of line 11? 

If you guess Pink it will say close! because they are similiar colors and this is just antoher answer of the IF test.

Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? Puts the non capitalization rule on all answers.

Why are lines 12–19 indented? To put all of the colors under the rule of the while

Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 

Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.

The program had no response to any answer it just ended.

Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? It allows the program to keep accepting answers.

What is the purpose of “count”? Count how many times you input an answer and totals it.

What is happening on line 22? Printing the count of tries.

Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit? I wish but no. Trying to remember. 